- PREVIOUSLY ONMILLION DOLLAR
LISTING: NEW YORK...
- WE HAVE OURSELVES A DEAL.
- GREAT.
- THIS IS AWESOME.
IT'S GREAT TO HAVE MY SALE
TO JOHN LAVELLE BUILDINGS.
- THIS IS AMAZING.
- OH, MY GOD.
- THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT I WANTED.
- THANK YOU, GOD.
I DON'T THINK 2.9
IS YOUR LOWEST.
- I DON'T THINK 2.650
IS YOUR HIGHEST.
HE CAN PUSH ME AROUND
ALL HE WANTS,
BUT I'M GONNA GET
THE LAST LAUGH.
- ANYWAY, IT WAS REALLY--
IT WAS A PLEASURE.
- THANKS FOR COMING BY.
- JUST KIDDING!
WE HAVE A DEAL!
[upbeat music]
- MY MOTTO IS EXPANSION ALWAYS
IN ALL WAYS.
- I COME FROM
A REAL ESTATE FAMILY,
BUT I GUESS YOU CAN CALL ME
THE NEW KID ON THE BLOCK.
- I'M THE CLOSER
AND A LISTING MACHINE.
WHAT MAKES ME BETTER IS THAT
I WORK HARDER THAN ANYONE ELSE.
- LOOK ME IN THE EYE, MAN.
- YES, I WANT YOU TO LEAVE.
[seagulls squawking]
- [squeals]
[sighs]
HI, SWEDEN.
I'M HOME.
WHAT YOU MIGHT NOT KNOW
ABOUT ME IS THAT
I'M NOT ONLY ONE OF THE TOP
BROKERS IN NEW YORK CITY,
I HAVE A SECOND BUSINESS,
MY OWN COMPANY,
CALLED EKLUND STOCKHOLM
NEW YORK,
BACK IN SWEDEN.
IN SWEDEN, I HAVE A FULL STAFF
THAT I MANAGE FROM NEW YORK.
MY COMPANY IS NOW THE NUMBER ONE
BROKERAGE IN SWEDEN.
ACTUALLY, NO OTHER BROKERAGE
IN ALL OF SCANDINAVIA
HAS MORE LISTINGS
OVER $1 MILLION.
I GO TO SWEDEN
AT LEAST ONCE A MONTH.
IT'S VERY IMPORTANT FOR ME
TO MEET MY BROKERS.
I THINK IT'S GOOD
FOR THEIR MORALE.
I WISH FROM THE BOTTOM
OF MY HEART
THAT I COULD BE HERE MORE.
YOU KNOW, YOU ARE
MY EXTENDED FAMILY.
[cheers and applause]
[speaks Swedish]
[all echo in Swedish]
IT IS ALSO GOOD FOR ME
TO REPRESENT THE BRAND
IN STOCKHOLM.
- COMING EXCLUSIVELY
FROM NEW YORK,
MR. FREDRIK EKLUND.
- NOW, THERE'S SOME
BIG DIFFERENCES BETWEEN
BEING A BROKER
IN SWEDEN AND IN NEW YORK.
IN NEW YORK,
TO GET YOUR LICENSE
IS A VERY QUICK PROCESS--
TWO, THREE WEEKS.
IN SWEDEN,
IT'S TWO OR THREE YEARS.
I HAVE SO MUCH WORK
IN FRONT OF ME.
BUT I'M LOOKING FORWARD
TO SEEING MY FAMILY
AT THE SAME TIME TOO.
[phone rings]
- FREDRIK SPEAKING.
- HELLO, FREDRIK.
IT'S NIKLAUS.
HOW YOU DOING?
HEY, NIKLAUS.
HOW ARE YOU?
YES, I'M HERE.
I'M IN SWEDEN.
- WHOO HOO!
- HOW ARE YOU?
YEAH, MARITA. YEAH.
OH...AND YOU'RE
GONNA BE THE BROKER?
OH, YEAH, I WOULD LOVE TO COME.
SHE'S IMPORTANT TO ME,
SO I WOULD LOVE TO COME.
- COOL, MAN.
- BYE-BYE.
- OKAY, SO I'LL HAVE DINA
SEND YOU MY SCHEDULE,
AND THEN WE'LL COORDINATE
WITH ORLANDO?
OKAY, SEE YA. BYE.
- OKAY, BYE.
- SO SEND DMITRI MY SCHEDULE
FOR THE NEXT THREE DAYS.
AND WE'LL TRY TO MEET UP
WITH THIS GUY ORLANDO.
- I'M LEAVING...NEXT...
THURSDAY.
I'M GOING FOR A WEEKEND,
JUST TO FLORIDA.
- WHAT? WHY AREN'T YOU
TAKING ME TO FLORIDA?
- BECAUSE IT'S NOT A "YOU" TRIP,
IT'S A "ME" TRIP.
I NEED TO GET AWAY
FROM IT ALL.
- OKAY, GOOD FOR YOU.
WHAT ABOUT--
- WHICH BRINGS ME
TO ANOTHER POINT.
- WHAT'S THE OTHER POINT?
- I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR A RAISE.
- CAN'T I JUST
TAKE YOU TO SACKS?
WHY DON'T I JUST
DO THIS, OKAY?
TO MAKE LIFE MUCH EASIER
FOR ME,
OKAY, GET THE SHOES
WITH THE RED HEELS.
AND IF YOU--I SWEAR TO GOD,
IF YOU DO ANY OTHER SHOPPING
ON THAT CARD...
[phone ringing]
- HELLO?
OH...HEY, KEN.
YEAH. YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
HEY, THANKS FOR CALLING.
KEN IS A VERY, VERY WELL-KNOWN
PHOTOGRAPHER
AND FILMMAKER.
HE DID A LOT OF WORK,
YOU KNOW, FASHION PHOTOGRAPHY.
UH, MUSIC VIDEOS.
ABSOLUTELY.
I'M PSYCHED
TO SEE THE PLACE.
ALL RIGHT, THANK YOU
FOR THE CALL.
OKAY, SEE YA.
- NICE.
- POUND--
- YOU DIDN'T EVEN
REALLY POUND IT.
YOU DIDN'T REALLY POUND IT.
- YOU ALWAYS HURT MY KNUCKLES.
- HELLO.
- HEY.
GOOD MORNING.
HOW YOU DOING?
- GOOD. HOW ARE YOU?
- GOOD.
I WANT TO PICK UP
SOME NEW SHOES FOR...
THE SEASON, I GUESS.
I'VE ALWAYS LOVED SLIPPERS.
I JUST LIKE--
THEY'RE DIFFERENT, YOU KNOW.
SLIPPERS ARE DIFFERENT
THAN SHOES.
YOU GET A LITTLE FUNNY DESIGN.
THEY'RE REALLY COMFORTABLE.
AND YOU DON'T
HAVE TO WEAR SOCKS.
I HATE WEARING SOCKS.
- I HAVE SO MANY.
I HAVE THE "SCREW YOUS."
- WHAT SIZE ARE YOU?
- UH, 8 1/2.
- 8 1/2? SURE.
- YEAH.
'CAUSE I HAVE A SMALLISH FOOT.
I HAVE SMALL FEET.
SHOULDN'T I GET DISCOUNT?
I MEAN, IF YOU
THINK ABOUT IT,
IT'S LESS SHOE THAN
MOST OTHER PEOPLE GET.
NOW, CAN I TRY THEM ON
WITHOUT SOCKS?
BECAUSE I WEAR THEM
WITHOUT SOCKS.
- UM...
- DARE TO GO BARE.
- ALL RIGHT.
[chuckles]
- OKAY, THESE ARE GOOD.
[cell phone rings]
OH, I'M SORRY.
HOLD ON.
HELLO.
HOW ARE YOU?
I AM GETTING SOME SHOES,
AS EXCITING AS THAT IS.
YES, THESE DO MAKE ME
FEEL A LITTLE TALLER.
- EVERY INCH COUNTS.
YOU HAVE NICE FEET.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- THANK YOU.
[cell phone rings]
HELLO?
I'M GOOD, DOUG.
HOW ARE YOU?
OKAY, GREAT. YEAH.
DOUG IS A DEVELOPER
WHO SPECIALIZES
IN FLIPPING TOWNHOUSES
IN THE VILLAGE.
EMAIL ME LATER TODAY.
OKAY. I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
I THINK I'LL TAKE THOSE,
AND, UH, THE [indistinct].
- OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, MICHAEL,
SO OUR TOTAL FOR THE DAY
IS $988.
- OKAY.
THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU'RE ALL SET.
- SEE YOU SOON.
- STOCKHOLM IS A VERY OLD TOWN,
OVER 1,000 YEARS OLD.
THERE'S NO NEW CONSTRUCTION,
COMPARED TO NEW YORK,
WHERE'S IT'S ALL LIKE DRAMA,
BUILDINGS, SKYSCRAPERS.
- [speaking Swedish]
- WHAT'S SO INTERESTING
IS THAT STOCKHOLM AND MANHATTAN
IS ALMOST PRICED THE SAME.
BECAUSE OF THE EXCHANGE RATE
AND THE WEAK DOLLAR,
PEOPLE ARE SO SURPRISED
HOW EXPENSIVE STOCKHOLM IS.
HELLO.
[raps on glass]
ANYONE HOME?
MARITA'S APARTMENT IS ACTUALLY
AN OLD HORSE STABLE
IN THE MIDDLE
OF CENTRAL STOCKHOLM.
- HI.
- GOOD TO SEE YOU. MWAH!
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
WOW, SO YOU'RE REALLY HERE NOW.
- WELCOME.
- THANK YOU.
- YES.
- HOW LONG HAVE YOU OWNED THIS.
UH, ABOUT 3 1/2 YEARS.
- 3 1/2 YEARS.
MARITA IS VERY
IMPORTANT TO ME,
AND MOREOVER MY COMPANY.
SO I WANNA MAKE SURE EVERYTHING
IS DEALT WITH CORRECTLY.
I WANNA BE AS HANDS-ON
AS POSSIBLE.
SO SHOW US AROUND.
SO THIS IS BABY'S ROOM,
I'M ASSUMING?
- YES.
- NEW YORKERS, THEY'RE
OBSESSED WITH THEIR CLOSETS.
LIKE, MY APARTMENT IS,
LIKE, 25% CLOSETS.
CLOSET?
YOU LIVE IN A CLOSET?
- I USED TO LIVE IN THE CLOSET.
UM...NOW I JUST KEEP
ALL MY CLOTHES IN THE CLOSET.
SO I LOVE THE HOUSE.
GREAT JOB.
CAN I ASK YOU WHAT
YOU PURCHASED IT FOR?
- WE PURCHASED IT
FOR $1 MILLION.
- $1 MILLION.
IF YOU BOUGHT IT
FOR $1 MILLION
3 1/2 YEARS AGO,
WHAT IS YOUR EXPECTATIONS?
- I THOUGHT ABOUT, LIKE,
$1.5 MILLION, AT LEAST.
- WHY DO YOU SAY 1.5?
I'M JUST CURIOUS TO HEAR.
- IT'S UNIQUE.
- THERE ARE SOME THINGS
THAT IT'S LACKING.
YOU KNOW,
THE SECOND REAL BEDROOM.
THE BABY'S ROOM IS FOR A BABY.
SO WHERE WOULD YOU PUT
YOUR MOM OR YOUR BROTHER
OR YOUR FRIENDS
WHEN THEY COME AND VISIT?
- TH-THAT'S--THAT'S--
OF COURSE.
THAT'S A PROBLEM.
- I'M NOT TRYING
TO BE NEGATIVE,
BUT I, YOU KNOW...
WE DON'T WANT TO DO YOU
A DISSERVICE EITHER
BY GOING OUT TOO HIGH.
BECAUSE YOU WON'T
HAVE ANY INTEREST.
UM...
WHAT DO YOU THINK THAT THIS
SHOULD BE LISTED FOR?
- I THINK WE SHOULD LIST IT,
ACTUALLY, FOR 1.3.
- I HAVE TO AGREE
WITH NIKLAUS.
HE'S THE BEST BROKER
IN SWEDEN.
LET'S GO AT 1.3.
I'LL PERSONALLY BE HERE
AT THE OPEN HOUSE.
- IF IT'S...
- THE STRATEGY OF PRICING
IS REALLY THE SAME
IN SWEDEN OR AMERICA.
IT'S MORE A FUNCTION
OF THE MARKET
AND THE STRENGTH OF IT.
AND SWEDEN HAS
A VERY STRONG MARKET.
IT KEEPS APPRECIATING EVERY YEAR
FOR THE LAST TEN YEARS,
AND WE HAVE A LOT
OF BIDDING WARS.
IN NEW YORK,
IT'S A BIT TOUGHER.
YOU'LL BE HAPPY IF YOU
GET TO LISTING PRICE.
- I WANT YOU TO HEAR IT
FROM ME.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA BE
DISAPPOINTED.
WE WILL GET YOU MORE THAN 1.3.
- OKAY.
WE DO THIS.
- FANTASTIC.
- GREAT.
- WE'RE NOT GONNA GIVE UP.
WE'RE NOT GONNA GIVE UP.
DO I LOOK LIKE
A PERSON THAT GIVES UP?
[laughter]
- BIG QUESTION IS...
WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER?
- 35 MILLION.
- HEY, MAN, CAN WE GO
TO GREENE STREET,
BETWEEN SPRING AND PRINCE?
FOR MY LISTING APPOINTMENT
WITH KEN,
I'M BRINGING ALONG
MY FRIEND CAROLINE.
AND EVEN THOUGH THE LISTING
IS MINE, WHEN I MET KEN,
I'M PRETTY SURE THE ONLY REASON
HE TALKED TO ME
WAS BECAUSE I WAS STANDING
NEXT TO CAROLINE.
SO...YOU KNOW.
BRINGING HER ALONG...
CAN'T HURT.
I THINK HE'S GON--
I THINK HE'S GONNA
REALLY LIKE YOU.
[both laugh]
SOHO IS ONE OF THE MOST
DESIRABLE PLACES TO LIVE
IN THE WORLD.
- HERE WE ARE.
THIS APARTMENT IS LINED
BY HIGH-FASHION STORES.
YOU GOT Y3 AND ARMANI CASA
ON THE SAME BLOCK.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHEN YOU WALK
BY THESE OLD CAST IRON BUILDINGS
LIKE JUST WHAT IS UP THERE.
[knock on door]
HEY.
- [chuckling]
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- HOW YOU DOING?
- YOU REMEMBER CAROLINE.
- HELLO.
- HI. HOW ARE YOU?
VERY IMPRESSIVE DOORS.
- THANK YOU.
- WHOA, YOU
WEREN'T KIDDING, HUH?
- WOW.
- YOU JUST LOOK UP.
I MEAN, IT TAKES
YOUR BREATH AWAY.
- THAT'S 36 FEET
STRAIGHT UP IN THE MIDDLE.
- OH, WOW.
- WHOA.
- I LOVE THE HIGH CEILINGS.
THIS MIGHT BE THE COOLEST ROOM
IN ALL OF MANHATTAN.
- I MEAN, PICTURES DON'T DO
THE PLACE JUSTICE.
IT'S ONE OF THE MOST IMPRESSIVE
PRIVATE ROOMS
THAT I'VE EVER SEEN.
OVER THE COURSE OF FIVE YEARS,
KEN BOUGHT THE FIVE PENTHOUSES
AROUND HIM,
AND HE SLOWLY COMBINED,
AND THEN HE BUILT UP
AND UP AND UP.
SO THIS IS THE KITCHEN.
PHILLIPE STARCK FELT
VERY STRONG ABOUT HAVING
ATTACHED TO AN EXTERIOR SPACE.
YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL VIEW
OF GREENE STREET...
- IT LOOKS OUT
ON GREENE STREET.
- OUT HERE.
- HOW MANY TERRACES IN TOTAL
DOES THE APARTMENT HAVE?
- 1, 2, 3, 4, 5--
SIX DIFFERENT TERRACES.
AND THEN, THROUGH THAT HALLWAY
YOU GO INTO ALL THE BEDROOMS.
IT'S LIKE A PALACE IN THE SKY
IN THE MIDDLE OF SOHO.
I THINK IT'S--IT'S AN APARTMENT
UNLIKE ANY OTHER.
- SO WHY DO YOU WANT TO SELL?
- YOU KNOW, I--I--
I CONSIDER THIS
LIKE I MADE A SCULPTURE.
I'D LIKE TO CONTINUE IT.
I THINK I'D--
I'D LIKE TO START AGAIN
AND SO SOMETHING ELSE.
- SO THEN THE BIG QUESTION IS...
WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER?
- WELL, I WOULD BE HAPPY...
TO GET $35 MILLION.
- I MEAN...
- I'VE PUT SO MUCH BLOOD
INTO THIS PLACE.
YOU KNOW, THIS PLACE
HAS COST ME A FORTUNE.
- LOOK, I THINK IT'S TOUGH
TO PUT A PRICE ON...
EMOTIONS.
BUT I THINK
35 IS A STRETCH.
- YOU DON'T THINK
YOU CAN GET THAT?
- THE APARTMENT
IS STUNNING,
BUT THE BUILDING JUST DOES NOT
JUSTIFY THAT PRICE.
THERE'S NO DOORMAN.
NO LOBBY TO SPEAK OF, REALLY.
UH, NO AMENITIES.
AND PEOPLE SPENDING
THAT KIND OF MONEY
EXPECT THOSE KIND
OF LUXURIES.
- I THINK, IF WE PRICE IT
MORE IN LINE
WITH WHERE THE AREA
COMPS OUT--
SOHO, YOU'RE LOOKING AROUND
$2,000 TO $2,500 A FOOT.
I THINK WE CAN MOVE THIS
CLOSER TO 25.
- IF YOU ASK FOR 35,
YOU MIGHT GET THAT ONE
PERSON FROM DUBAI
WHO DOESN'T CARE
ABOUT MONEY.
- MAYBE, BUT WE JUST MIGHT NOT
FIND THEM FOR TWO YEARS.
- BUT WHY SHOULD I TRUST YOU
TO COME IN HERE AND SELL THIS?
I MEAN...
- THIS IS YOUR TROPHY.
THIS--YOU PUT ALL YOUR LOVE
AND CARE INTO THIS.
- RIGHT.
- I WILL DO THE SAME...
IN SELLING IT.
I'M TALKING
THE PRIVATE NETWORK.
I'M TALKING THAT WE CAN
HAVE PARTIES IN HERE.
- HOW DOES HAVING A PARTY HERE
HELP SELL THE PLACE?
- INSTEAD OF HAVING
A SUNDAY OPEN HOUSE,
YOU HAVE A PARTY THAT'S
FULL OF CELEBRITIES,
THAT'S FULL OF SOCIALITES.
EVEN IF THOSE PEOPLE
DON'T BUY IT,
THEY SEE HOW AMAZING
THIS APARTMENT IS,
AND THEY LEAVE
AND THEY TELL THEIR FRIENDS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
LIST IT FOR $25,000
AND WE GO HARD.
- OKAY.
YOU BETTER SELL THIS.
- I'VE NEVER SOLD
A SINGLE APARTMENT
AS EXPENSIVE
AS GREENE STREET.
THIS WOULD BE THE BIGGEST SALE
OF MY CAREER.
BUT WITH A GIGANTIC COMMISSION
COMES HUGE PRESSURE.
- YOU GOTTA REALLY KICK BUTT
FOR ME HERE, OKAY?
'CAUSE, UH--
- YOUR GRIP'S A LITTLE TIGHT.
- OH, YEAH.
[laughter]
- HEY, DAD.
OH, YEAH, I'M RUNNING DOWN TO
THAT NEW TOWNHOUSE DOWNTOWN.
33 CHARLTON IS IN WEST VILLAGE,
SOHO AREA OF NEW YORK.
IT'S ON A REALLY
HISTORICAL STREET.
THE AREA IS FULL OF AMAZING
EARLY FEDERAL ARCHITECTURE.
IT'S ACTUALLY THE LONGEST
CONTINUOUS ROW
OF THESE TYPES OF TOWNHOUSES.
HEY, MICHAEL LORBER.
- HEY...WHAT'S UP?
- COME ON IN.
- THANKS FOR HAVING ME TODAY.
LET ME SHOW YOU THE HOUSE.
- DOUG IS INTO CHARLTON STREET
FOR APPROXIMATELY $6 MILLION.
HE BOUGHT THE BUILDING
FOR $4 MILLION
AND SPENT ABOUT $2 MILLION
COMPLETELY RENOVATING
THE STRUCTURE
TO MAKE IT LOOK
THE WAY IT DOES TODAY.
- HERE'S THE FRONT BEDROOM.
- I NOTICE MOST OF IT
IS FURNISHED.
BUT THIS COULD USE SOME TLC
UP HERE, MAYBE.
- WELL, WE DID
A GLASS FLOOR HERE
TO JUST DIFFUSE THE LIGHT
DOWN THROUGH THE PROPERTY.
PART OF THIS SYSTEM IS CALLED
THE VIRTUAL DOORMAN.
- THE BEST PART ABOUT VIRTUAL
DOORMAN IS NO CHRISTMAS TIP.
- [laughs]
- SO YOU GUYS HAVE HAD IT
ON THE MARKET FOR NOW,
WHAT, TWO YEARS?
- YES.
- THIS TOWNHOUSE HAS BEEN
FOR SALE FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS.
I'D SAY THREE OF THE BEST
BROKERS IN NEW YORK
AHD IT FOR SALE
AT THE SAME TIME.
AND, YOU KNOW, THEY'RE
ALL SO GREAT AND BUSY
THAT THEY DIDN'T--I DON'T THINK
THEY FOCUSED ENOUGH ON IT.
- WHAT ARE YOU GONNA
DO DIFFERENTLY
THAN THE OTHER BROKERS DID?
- YOU KNOW, IT'S GONNA BE
VERY DIFFERENT THIS TIME,
IF YOU GIVE ME THE LISTING.
YOU KNOW, YOU'RE NOT GONNA BE
CALLING THREE BROKERS
AND THEIR TEAM MEMBERS
AND THEIR ASSISTANTS
AND THEIR SECRETARIES AND THEIR
THIS--IT'S JUST ME.
- IF I CALL YOU,
I GET YOU.
- YOU JUST NEED MY CELL PHONE.
THAT'S IT, YOU KNOW?
- OKAY.
- TO TRACK ME DOWN.
- THAT--THAT I LIKE.
- I THINK RESTAGING IT
WOULD REALLY BRIGHTEN IT UP.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW,
IT'S JUST NOT FINISHED NOW.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE GONNA HAVE
BUILT-OUT KIDS' ROOMS
WITH, YOU KNOW,
THE TOYS AND EVERY--
JUST REALLY DONE UP.
- THE FURNITURE FINISH,
IS THAT ON YOUR DIME
OR IS THAT ME OR--
- UH, DEPENDS ON
THE EXCLUSIVE AGREEMENT.
I'M NOT GONNA TAKE A LISTING
AND POUR MY TIME AND MONEY
INTO IT WITH A, YOU KNOW--
YOU GIVE ME A MONTH OR TWO,
BUT IF I GET SIX MONTHS--
- I'D BE WILLING TO GO
THE SIX-MONTH AGREEMENT.
- EVEN THOUGH IT'S TYPICALLY
THE SELLER'S RESPONSIBILITY,
I'M WILLING TO PAY FOR
THE STAGING MYSELF.
THIS LISTING IS AN IMPORTANT
OPPORTUNITY
FOR ME TO PROVE MYSELF
TO BOTH THE DEVELOPER
AND THE FIRM.
- DO YOU HAVE A SUGGESTION
DOLLAR-WISE, OR--
- YOU GUYS HAD IT
ON THE MARKET FOR, WHAT, A YEAR
AT $10.9 MILLION?
- YES, YES.
- THAT'S A, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S A LOT.
TO BE HONEST, THERE'S
NOT MANY COMPS AROUND HERE
FOR THIS TYPE OF TOWNHOUSE.
ON THIS STREET, NOTHING HAS
REALLY SOLD FOR A WHILE.
10.9 THROWS AWAY
A LOT OF PEOPLE
WHO SEE THE 10
AND GET SCARED.
BUT KEEPING IT 9.9,
I THINK, YOU KNOW, WE'LL START
TO GET SOME...
SOME TRACTION
IN THE MARKET.
- OKAY. ALL RIGHT.
- THE COMMISSION IS REALLY BIG
ON A PROJECT LIKE THIS.
BUT IT'S ALSO
A BIG GAMBLE FOR ME.
I DON'T WANT TO BE SPENDING
THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS
OF DOLLARS.
AND, YEAH, IT'S PERSONAL.
IT'S NOT LIKE YOU'RE SPENDING
THE COMPANY'S MONEY.
I PAY FOR
ALL THIS STUFF MYSELF.
I'M READY TO START MARKING
AS SOON AS YOU, UH,
YOU SIGN ON THE DOTTED LINE
OR SOLID LINE.
- I'M READY TO SIGN, MIKE.
[bell dings]
- COME ON IN.
- THANK YOU.
- IT'S A BEAUTIFUL
OLD HORSE STABLE.
IT'S OVER 100 YEARS OLD.
AND IT WAS CONVERTED
ABOUT 3 1/2 YEARS AGO.
AND, AS YOU CAN SEE,
THEY MADE IT VERY MODERN.
- HELLO.
- HI, I'M FREDRIK.
- CONGRATULATIONS.
- THANK YOU.
LOVING THIS.
[laughter]
OHH!
- YOU CAN LAY DOWN
IF YOU WANT TO.
JUST DON'T GIVE BIRTH.
- CAN YOU OPEN IT UP?
- DON'T GIVE BIRTH,
WHATEVER YOU DO.
IN NEW YORK SOMETIMES,
I FEEL LIKE I'M SWIMMING
AGAINST THE CURRENT.
WHEREAS IN SWEDEN,
I CAN JUST, LIKE, RELAX
AND GO WITH THE FLOW.
IT'S A FRIENDLIER ATMOSPHERE,
FOR SURE.
WHERE ELSE ARE YOU GONNA
FIND A HOUSE LIKE THIS
IN THE MIDDLE OF STOCKHOLM.
- I REALLY--
I THINK IT'S QUITE UNIQUE.
- HELLO.
- HELLO. HOW ARE YOU DOING?
NICE MEETING YOU.
MY NAME IS NIKLAUS.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
- OKAY.
- BEAUTIFUL, BIG KITCHEN.
INDOOR-OUTDOOR DINING.
GREAT FOR ENTERTAINING.
- YEAH.
- YOU'VE BEEN
IN THIS APARTMENT?
- YEAH, I THINK...
- ALL RIGHT.
OH, WHEN IT WAS ON THE MARKET
MANY YEARS AGO.
- YEAH, YEAH.
- BUT WHY DIDN'T YOU BUY IT?
YOU--YOU COULDN'T
AFFORD IT.
- I COULDN'T AFFORD IT, YEAH.
- WOW.
- SO...
- DO YOU WANT ME TO SHOW YOU
AROUND AT ALL?
OKAY.
YEAH, THIS IS REALLY GREAT.
- IT'S SO COZY
UP HERE, RIGHT?
- AND THEN THERE'S ANOTHER
WINDOW UP THERE.
- WHAT DO YOU WANNA DO?
- YOU THOUGHT FOR 12 YEARS.
- YEAH.
- HOW MUCH MORE TIME
DO YOU WANT TO THINK?
THIS GUY APPARENTLY WANTS
TO WAIT ANOTHER 12 YEARS.
I MEAN, WHAT CAN I SAY?
- NICE MEETING YOU.
- THANK YOU. CALL US TOMORROW.
YOU GOT THE PHONE NUMBER.
[sighs]
I WANTED THAT OFFER.
- I'M NERVOUS ABOUT HAVING
SO MANY PEOPLE IN HERE.
- I'M TELLING KEN THAT THERE'S
GOING TO BE 40 TO 70.
I MY HEAD, I KNOW THAT THERE'S
PROBABLY GONNA BE 150.
[phone ringing]
- DONNA, HI.
IT'S MICHAEL LORBER.
HOW ARE YOU?
HEY, I WANTED TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THIS LISTING
I HAVE DOWNTOWN.
33 CHARLTON STREET.
AND WE'VE HAD, YOU KNOW,
THREE OUT OF THE FOUR
FLOORS STAGED.
BUT THE TOP FLOOR
IS NOT STAGED.
I WANTED THE BEDROOMS
TO BE KIND OF LIKE
IT HAS LIKE A LITTLE NOOK,
SO MAYBE LIKE A KIDS' BEDROOM
AND PLAY AREA.
- OKAY.
- I CAN SEND YOU THE LINK,
AND IT HAS THE FLOOR PLANS.
SO YOU MAY NOT EVEN NEED
TO GO THERE AND MEASURE.
AND I'M GONNA DO
SOME OPEN HOUSES SOON,
SO I REALLY WANTED IT DONE,
HEH, QUICKLY.
- OKAY, GREAT.
I WILL FORWARD YOU
THE INFORMATION NOW,
AND WE'LL SET UP A TIME
TO GET TOGETHER.
- SOUNDS GREAT.
- 95 GREENE IS AN APARTMENT
THAT REQUIRES A HIGH, HIGH,
HIGH LEVEL OF MARKETING.
- KEN.
- HEY. HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY, MAN.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
- PLACE LOOKS GOOD.
IT'S GOTTA
COME OFF WITH POP,
BECAUSE I NEED THIS APARTMENT
TO EXPLODE ON THE MARKETPLACE.
WHICH IS WHY TONIGHT,
I'VE PLANNED AN AFTER PARTY
FOR FASHION WEEK.
YOU READY?
- NOT REALLY.
[laughs]
- NOT REALLY?
YOU OKAY?
YOU HANGING IN THERE?
IT'S JUST GONNA BE
A LITTLE PARTY, LITTLE PARTY.
- YOU TAKING CARE
OF THE INSURANCE?
- YES, I'M TAKING CARE
OF THE INSURANCE.
- OKAY, I'D LIKE TO WALK THROUGH
WITH THE SECURITY GUARDS,
TELL THEM WHAT
I'M CONCERNED ABOUT.
- KEN IS A VERY FAIR SELLER.
BUT HE HAS DEMANDS.
AND DON'T FORGET,
FOOD AND DRINKS BEFORE 4:15
INTO THE BUILDING.
- OKAY.
- WE'RE NOT GONNA LET PEOPLE
GO OUT ON THE ROOF.
- MORE MONEY,
MORE PROBLEMS.
- YOU TALKED ABOUT 40,
50 PEOPLE.
I'M NERVOUS ABOUT HAVING
SO MANY PEOPLE IN HERE.
- IT'S GONNA BE GOOD.
NO WORRIES, NO WORRIES.
- WELL, I'M NERVOUS.
BUT, UM...
I TRUST YOU.
- I'M TELLING KEN THAT THERE'S
GONNA BE 40 TO 70.
IN MY HEAD, I KNOW
THERE'S GONNA BE MORE.
I KNOW THAT THERE'S
PROBABLY GONNA BE, YOU KNOW,
150 OR SO.
BUT WHEN I BRING
KEN AN OFFER,
HE'S NOT EVEN GONNA CARE
THAT THERE WERE, LIKE, 1,000.
ALL RIGHT, DO YOU HAVE
A BROOM OR SOMETHING?
I THINK...
- YEAH, UM...
- I DON'T SEE
A CLEANING CREW HERE.
- UPSTAIRS.
- [grunts]
SWEET.
OH, IT'S WET.
IT'S WET AND IT'S COLD.
LET'S TAKE THOSE LANTERNS
AND PUT...
LIKE, THE BIG ONES
IN THE CORNER, MAYBE.
- OKAY.
- AND LET'S LET SECURITY GUY
NOT TO OPEN THIS DOOR.
SHOULD I TAKE THIS AWAY?
- UH, NO, IT'S OKAY.
I WOULD NEVER SAY
THAT A CLIENT IS DIFFICULT
OR THAT A CLIENT, YOU KNOW,
IS DRIVING ME CRAZY.
- IF ANYONE GETS OUT OF HAND,
WE GOT A HATCHET.
- YOU KNOW, I MEAN,
I WOULDN'T SAY THAT.
ESPECIALLY IN AN APARTMENT
FULL OF WEAPONS.
[phone ringing]
- FREDRICK SPEAKING.
- HEY, NIKLAUS, I'M GOOD.
I'M ON MY WAY TO A MEETING.
WHAT'S UP?
- FOR THE HORSE STABLE?
FULL ASK?
- OKAY, THAT'S A GOOD START.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WANT MORE MONEY FOR IT.
GET MORE OFFERS, YOU KNOW?
THIS IS GREAT.
$1.3 MILLION.
THAT'S A GREAT START.
IT'S GONNA BE A BIDDING WAR,
I'M SURE.
- THANK YOU.
CIAO.BYE-BYE.
[sighs]
[doorbell rings]
- MICHAEL?
- YEAH.
DONNA, COME ON IN.
- I'VE ENLISTED TUI LIFESTYLE.
THEY'RE A GREAT
FURNITURE COMPANY.
WE'RE GONNA FINISH STAGING
33 CHARLTON STREET.
WE'RE GONNA DO THE TWO GUESTS
BEDROOMS UPSTAIRS.
AND THEN THE HOUSE
IS GONNA BE PERFECT
FOR THE OPEN HOUSE
THIS WEEKEND.
- THESE ARE THE BEDROOMS,
SO I NEED TO HAVE THE REAL FEEL
OF A FAMILY LIVING HERE,
SO PEOPLE CAN VISUALIZE IT.
- DEFINITELY.
LET'S GET GOING.
- COME ON, GUYS.
BRING 'ER IN.
- JUST MIND THE,
UH, MOLDING.
THERE'S ALL THE WOODWORK.
YEAH, I HAVE O.C.D.
ABOUT THINGS, YOU KNOW.
THINGS ALWAYS HAVE TO BE
IN THE RIGHT PLACE.
- THERE'S NO TOILET PAPER
HOLDER IN HERE.
AND WITH ME,
EVERYTHING HAS TO BE PERFECT.
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO BE, LIKE,
CURVY LIKE THAT?
- NO, WE'RE GONNA FIX THAT.
- NO, WE'LL FIX...
- AND, YEAH,
IT PISSES PEOPLE OFF,
AND IT'S INCREDIBLY TIME
CONSUMING ON MY PART,
BUT IT'S HOW YOU WANT
EVERYTHING TO LOOK.
IT HAS TO LOOK PERFECT.
- ARE THEY SYMMETRICAL?
THAT ONE'S WOBBLY.
YOU WANT PEOPLE TO SAY,
"I WANNA LIVE HERE."
IS THAT A QUEEN?
-SI,YEAH.
-SI?
I DON'T THINK THIS
IS A QUEEN.
I THINK I'M PAYING
FOR A QUEEN
AND GETTING A FULL.
STAGING THIS HOUSE
WAS EXHAUSTING.
IT WAS A LOT MORE WORK
THAN I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE.
LOOKS GREAT.
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- I THINK KIDS ARE GONNA
PLAY HERE ON SUNDAY.
- DEFINITELY.
- IT COST ME ABOUT $30,000,
BUT IT'S GONNA BE
TOTALLY WORTH IT.
ALL THE PARENTS ARE GONNA BE
ABLE TO IMAGINE
THEM AND THEIR KIDS
LIVING IN ALL THESE ROOMS.
- WHAT A DIFFERENCE
FURNITURE MAKES.
IT'S LIKE A MODEL HOME.
- [laughing]
- AND THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR COMING.
IT MEANS A LOT TO ME.
- WELL, THANK YOU
FOR INVITING ME.
AHH.
THE OLD OBSERVATORY.
- IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
- WHEN IS YOUR FLIGHT LEAVING?
- COUPLE OF HOURS.
- WELL, IT'S KIND OF LIKE
THE STORY OF OUR RELATIONSHIP.
YOU'RE AL--I MEAN,
I'M IN FAULT TOO.
I'M ALWAYS ON MY WAY
SOMEWHERE.
- YEAH, WE CATCH EACH OTHER
BETWEEN FLIGHTS, YEAH.
- MAYBE WE SHOULD BOTH
TRY AND MAKE AN EFFORT
TO HANG OUT, LIKE...
REALLY HANG OUT.
GROWING UP IN SWEDEN,
MY FATHER
WAS A WELL-KNOWN PERSON.
VERY WELL RESPECTED.
A BIG BANKER, SORT OF
THE ALAN GREENSPAN OF SWEDEN.
NOW THAT I DON'T
LIVE IN SWEDEN,
I DON'T GET TO SPEND MUCH TIME
WITH HIM ANYMORE.
AND I WANT OT MAKE SURE
IT HAPPENS TODAY.
- IF YOU REALLY ARE
AN ENTREPRENEUR,
YOU WANT TO BUILD SOMETHING,
YOU HAVE TO SACRIFICE
EVERYTHING.
ARE YOU GETTING OLD ENOUGH
TO START TO RETHINK?
I'VE BEEN WORRIED THAT YOU'D
BURN YOURSELF OUT,
AS YOU KNOW.
EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE
A BIG STAR,
EVEN THOUGH YOU MAKE
A LOT OF MONEY,
EVEN IF YOU ARE THE BEST
BROKER IN THE WORLD...
YOU HAVE TO RECHARGE YOUR
BATTERIES EVERY NOW AND THEN.
NOW, I'M THE SORT OF
CARING FATHER THAT--
- I NEVER SAW YOU
SAY THESE THINGS TO ME,
BECAUSE YOU NEVER DID IT.
- I KNOW, I KNOW, AND I--
- I MEAN--
- I HAVE A LITTLE BIT
BAD CONSCIENCE ABOUT THAT.
YEAH.
IN RETROSPECT, I THINK
I WAS A DECENT FATHER,
ALTHOUGH I DID
WORK TOO MUCH.
- WELL, I THINK THAT WAS
PART OF THE PROBLEM.
BECAUSE WHEN YOU WERE THERE,
YOU WERE SO AMAZING.
YOU SHOWED US EVERYTHING.
YOU SHOWED US THE WORLD.
YOU MADE IT FEEL LIKE
ANYTHING WAS POSSIBLE.
AND THEN YOU DISAPPEAR,
YOU KNOW, AND...
- ISN'T THAT THE STORY
OF MANY FATHERS WHO WORK,
YOU KNOW, REALLY, REALLY HARD
TO MAKE A CAREER?
AND THEN THEY REALIZE
WHEN THEY GET INTO THEIR 50s
OR 60s OR WHATEVER
THAT MAYBE WE LOST SOMETHING
ON THE WAY.
- YEAH.
BUT YOU NEVER SAY TO ME
THAT YOU'RE PROUD.
I MEAN, I KNOW YOU ARE,
BUT YOU NEVER SAY IT.
- WE'RE SWEDISH--WE DON'T
SHOW OUR SENTIMENTS THAT OFTEN.
- I TRY TO.
- YEAH.
YOU'RE MORE AMERICAN
THAN I AM.
- I WASN'T LOOKING FOR YOUR
VALIDATION OR--OR...
ANY OF THAT.
AND THEN HERE I AM...
ASKING FOR IT.
SO...
- YOU'RE MY SON.
I LOVE YOU.
I DON'T CARE
WHATEVER YOU DO.
WHATEVER YOUR PAST,
WHAT--NOTHING.
I LOVE YOU.
- OKAY.
MY DAD WAS SO SUPPORTIVE
THROUGH EVERYTHING.
MY PAST, THE PORN...
AND THE FACT THAT HE SAID,
"YOU CAN BE IN LOVE WITH
WHOMEVER YOU WANT TO."
MY DAD NEVER,
EVER ONCE JUDGED ME.
- ARE YOU BECOMING
EMBARRASSED NOW?
YOUR OLD MAN IS BEING...
- NO, I JUST--
- SENTIMENTAL.
- NO, WE CAN SIT HERE.
YOU CAN COME HOME WITH ME.
I AM STAYING AT A HOTEL.
- CAN'T DO THAT.
- LET'S GO TO THE MOVIES
TONIGHT.
- CAN'T DO THAT.
- WELL, THERE YOU GO, SEE?
- PLANE TO CATCH,
PLANE TO CATCH.
- SAME AS--
- STORY OF OUR LIVES.
- YEAH. YEAH.
- THAT'S, I MEAN, SERIOUSLY,
THAT'S A REALLY--
I MEAN--
WE GOTTA TAKE THIS.
- THE SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT
CONCEPT
IS COMMUNICATING TO THE AUDIENCE
THAT THERE IS NO PLACE
YOU WOULD RATHER BE
THAN UP HERE.
- I ALWAYS WANTED TO ATTEND
A COMEDY CLASS.
I MEAN, I THINK
I'M REALLY FUNNY.
I'M HOPING TO LEARN HOW TO USE
MY COMEDY
TO YOU KNOW,
MAKE MY CLIENTS HAVE FUN.
- YEAH, I'M THINKING ABOUT
HAVING A BABY.
- I'VE BEEN DRINKING A LOT
LATELY.
I KNOW MY TRIGGERS.
LIKE DAYLIGHT.
- UM...
I MEAN, I'M SWEATING.
I HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT TO DO.
SO I GREW UP IN LONG ISLAND.
I DIDN'T EVEN TRY LIQUOR
TILL I GOT TO COLLEGE.
SO I REALLY MISSED OUT
ON A LOT
BESIDES THE EXTRA SIX INCHES
THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
ABOVE MY HEAD
AND THE SIX INCHES
THAT SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
AND THE SIX MORE
THAT SHOULD BE THERE.
[all chuckling]
[phone ringing]
- NIKLAUS SPEAKING.
JUST FINE, HOW ARE YOU?
SOUNDS GOOD.
LET ME HEAR.
IT'S MR. 12-YEAR MAN.
HE'S BACK.
HANG ON A SECOND.
CAN YOU PLEASE REPEAT THAT?
RIGHT, MY FRIEND.
SORRY, THAT'S ALREADY
BEEN DOWN ACTUALLY.
WE GOT ANOTHER PERSON
GIVING US THAT BID.
YOU GOT TO GO HIGHER.
- YOU WAITED 12 YEARS.
COME ON.
- 1.32?
THAT'S BETTER.
OKAY, LET ME PUT THAT DOWN,
AND I GIVE THE SELLER
A CALL.
TAKE CARE, MAN.
BYE.
CHEERS.
- OVER 30% IN THREE YEARS.
- IT'S GOOD.
IN THIS MARKET, I THINK
IT'S REALLY GOOD.
- DEFINITELY IN THIS MARKET.
I'M SMILING.
[knocking]
- WHAT I'VE LEARNED RECENTLY
IS THAT THE MORE WORK
AND EFFORT I PUT INTO A LISTING,
THE MORE I GET OUT OF IT.
- MICHAEL!
HI.
- EVAN JOSEPH IS PROBABLY
THE CITY'S BEST REAL ESTATE
PHOTOGRAPHER.
HE DOES PHOTOGRAPHS FOR ALMOST
ANY OF THE HIGH-END BUILDINGS
YOU SEE DONE TODAY.
- ALL RIGHT, SO THE FIRST THING
WE'RE GONNA WANNA DO
IS GET THESE PILLOWS
STRAIGHTENED UP A LITTLE BIT
IN THERE PLEASE.
- I ALREADY STRAIGHTENED
THEM UP.
THEY'RE VERY STRAIGHT.
- IT LOOKS LUMPY.
- LUMPY?
- YEAH.
- I THINK I DE-LUMPED IT.
- NICE WORK.
- WE JUST NEED A FEW
MINOR ADJUSTMENTS
TO THE FURNITURE PLEASE.
UM, CAN WE MOVE THIS
MORE, MORE, MORE, MORE.
KEEP GOING. KEEP GOING.
KEEP GOING.
THAT'S IT.
- DON'T YOU HAVE
AN ASSISTANT FOR THIS?
- STEP BACK A SECOND PLEASE.
UH, KEEP GOING.
- YEAH.
I MEAN, I'M OCD
WITH A LOT OF THINGS,
BUT THIS GUY'S CRAZY.
JUST TAKE THE PHOTO.
- THIS STONE, THIS STONE, AND
THE FIRST THREE OR FOUR STEPS.
SO IF WE MAKE THEM
UNIFORMLY WET,
IT'LL LOOK A LOT BETTER.
- JUST POINT AND CLICK.
COME ON.
- IT'S STILL NOT REALLY
WET ENOUGH.
- I DON'T GET IT.
YOU LOOK LIKE MR. CLEAN.
WHY AM I MOPPING?
- ALL RIGHT, WAIT, WAIT.
STOP, STOP.
SMILE FOR ME.
- NO, I DON'T WANT--
- NO, NO.
NO, NO, I'VE GOT LIKE
A COLLECTION
OF BROKERS WITH MOPS.
- YOU EVER SEE ONE WITH A MOP
GOING AT HIS CAMERA?
IT'S TAKING A LOT
TO GET THIS PLACE READY TO SHOW.
BUT NOW, FINALLY,
I'M READY.
ALL RIGHT, DONE.
- HOW'S BUSINESS?
GOOD?
ANY OFFERS?
HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
- HEY, HOW ARE YOU DOING?
COME ON IN.
- SO I THINK
WE SHOULD CALL MARITA.
- YEAH.
- WE'VE GIVEN IT
A COUPLE OF DAYS,
AND THE FINAL BID
IS 1.32 MILLION.
SO I'M HAPPY TO CALL MARITA
AND GIVE HER THE GREAT NEWS.
[line trilling]
- HELLO, MARITA,
THIS IS NIKLAUS.
GOT GOOD NEWS FOR YOU.
WE GOT ANOTHER BID.
IT'S REALLY GOOD.
- OKAY.
- IT'S 1.32.
- IN SWEDEN,
JUST LIKE IN AMERICA,
A SELLER ISN'T REQUIRED
BY LAW
TO ACCEPT AN OFFER
AT ASKING PRICE.
NOT EVEN OFFER
ABOVE ASKING PRICE.
A LISTING PRICE
ISN'T A CONTRACT.
A SELLER CAN ALWAYS BACK OUT
AT ANY TIME.
OKAY.
YOU GOT IT, MARITA.
- OKAY, BYE.
- OKAY, SO IT'S NOT HAPPENING.
JUST-JUST--
YOU NEED TO GET HIGHER.
- RIGHT.
- I'M GONNA SIT
RIGHT BEHIND YOU
SO IF I NEED TO STRANGLE YOU
I CAN.
- THAT'S TRUE.
[line trilling]
- THIS IS PARE.
- HELLO, PARE,
IT'S NIKLAUS AGAIN.
- PARE, WE HAVE AMAZING NEWS.
YOU CAN BUY THIS PLACE.
YOU'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR 12 YEARS.
IT'S GONNA BE YOURS.
- THERE'S ONLY ONE
LITTLE CATCH.
YOU CAN STILL GET IT FOR
A REALLY GOOD PRICE THOUGH.
BUT THEY WON'T GO
AS LOW AS 1.32.
EXACTLY.
OKAY.
- OKAY, 1.35.
GREAT, GREAT PRICE.
GREAT, GREAT JOB.
THIS IS YOUR LUCKY YEAR.
- BYE.
ALL RIGHT.
1.35.
- WELL, YOU GOTTA CONVINCE HER.
- I WILL.
- OKAY, CALL HER.
- ALL RIGHT.
[line trilling]
WE ACTUALLY GOT HIM TO HIGHER--
GOT HIM TO RAISE HIMSELF
FROM 1.32 TO 1.350.
WHOO-HOO!
- THAT'S--I MEAN--
SERIOUSLY, THAT'S A REALLY--
I MEAN, THAT'S 35% MORE THAN
WHAT YOU PAID THREE YEARS AGO.
- IT'S A REALLY GOOD BID.
- I'M SURPRISED BY YOUR--
I'M SURPRISED BY YOUR REACTION.
I MEAN, THIS IS REALLY,
REALLY HIGH.
- THIS IS AMAZING.
YOU MUST TAKE THIS.
- I MEAN, GIVE THE GUY A BREAK.
HE WAITED 12 YEARS.
HE MIGHT NOT WAIT
12 MORE MINUTES.
WE GOTTA TAKE THIS.
- GREAT!
- OKAY, THAT'S A VERY WISE
DECISION.
THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT.
[chuckling]
HEE-HEE-HEE!
- WHOO!
- WITH 95 GREENE ST., I NEED
TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT
AND I NEED TO DO
SOMETHINGBIG!
UNLIKE ANY OTHER PARTY
YOU'VE EVER BEEN TO
SPECIFICALLY
FOR AN APARTMENT.
SO THE FIRST THING I THINK OF
IS FASHION WEEK.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- WHAT GOING ON?
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- GOOD TO SEE YOU.
- I PITCHED TO JONATHAN SIMKHAI
WHO'S ONE OF THE HOTTEST
NEW DESIGNERS OUT THERE.
LET'S DO YOUR AFTER PARTY...
IN MY LISTING.
HE FELL IN LOVE
WITH THE IDEA
AND FROM THERE,
AN EVENT WAS BORN.
HOW MANY PEOPLE DO YOU THINK
WE HAVE COMING?
400?
400 PEOPLE...
ARE COMING IN
LESS THAN AN HOUR.
KEN WOULDN'T TRY TO MURDER ME
IN FRONT OF 400 WITNESSES,
WOULD HE?
I'M MORE NERVOUS THAN YOU ARE
I THINK.
- HEY.
YEAH, HI.
- MY MOM IS MY EVERYTHING.
IT'S FUNNY, SHE'S LIKE
THIS ENERGY AROUND ME.
SHE'S WITH ME, EVEN WHEN
I RUN AROUND IN NEW YORK.
INTO CABS
AND I'M NEGOTIATING.
YEAH, SHE'S MY ANGEL.
LOOK HERE, THE COMPANY
IS IN THE PRESS AGAIN.
- OKAY.
- THEY SAY
ALL THE STUNNING LISTINGS
AND THEY'RE SHOWING
ALL OUR PROPERTIES.
- I'M VERY PROUD.
AND I WANT TO SEE.
- OH, YOU WANT TO SEE
THE PROPERTIES?
- YES.
- NO, LET'S NOT TALK
ABOUT MY WORK.
I HAVE SOMETHING ELSE
I WANT TO TALK TO YOU ABOUT.
- I, UH...
I THINK FOR ME,
YOU WERE ALWAYS THERE
YOU KNOW,
ON THE UPS AND THE DOWNS.
YOU WERE ALWAYS A FAN OF ME.
- YEAH, ALWAYS.
- ALWAYS THE SUPPORT.
AND...I FEEL LIKE
WHENEVER YOU CALL,
I DON'T HAVE THE TIME.
AND WHEN YOU--
WE DON'T SEE EACH OTHER ENOUGH.
AND I'M SO BAD AT GIVING BACK
SOMETHING TO YOU
AND GIVING YOU THE LOVE
THAT I SHOULD BE GIVING YOU.
SO...
I GUESS MY OWN WAY
OF DOING IT IS I...
I'M GIVING YOU THIS,
WHICH IS A GIFT FROM ME TO YOU.
- THAT IS NOT TRUE.
[crying]
OH...
IT'S TOO MUCH.
- NO, IT'S NOT TOO MUCH.
- IT'S FANTASTIC.
- MAYBE YOU CAN DO
SOMETHING WITH IT.
- YES, OF COURSE.
YOU CAN USE IT TO COME
TO NEW YORK AND YOU CAN--
- YEAH.
- THIS IS WHY I WORK HARD.
THIS MAKES IT WORTH IT,
YOU KNOW?
- MM.
YEAH.
THANK YOU.
- OKAY.
- FANTASTIC.
THANK YOU.
- I'M SO THANKFUL
FOR EVERYTHING THAT SHE'S DONE.
AND THIS IS ONE LITTLE THING
THAT I CAN DO FOR HER.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M DONE WITH WORK TODAY.
YOU WANNA HAVE DINNER?
- YES, OF COURSE.
- GO EAT SOMETHING TOGETHER.
- AND WE CAN HAVE A WALK
PERHAPS.
DO YOU HAVE TIME FOR A WALK?
- OF COURSE.
IT'S SATURDAY NIGHT.
LET'S GO.
- NOW I'M WORRIED, 'CAUSE
THERE'S OVER 200 PEOPLE HERE.
IT'S TOO MANY PEOPLE,
SO I WANNA WRAP IT NOW.
- COME HERE.
I HAVE THE KEYS.
SO WE'RE WALKING UP
TO THE HORSE STABLE
AND PARE AND I ARE COMING
TO HIS HOME
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
ARE YOU READY?
- I'M READY.
- IT'S A GOOD FEELING.
GUYS, WELCOME HOME.
- THANK YOU.
- 12 YEARS YOU WAITED.
- YES, I HAVE.
YEAH, IT'S GREAT.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, IT FEELS
REALLY GOOD TO GIVE THIS TO YOU.
- IT FEELS FANTASTIC
TO GET THIS FROM YOU.
- THANK YOU.
- I'M SO HAPPY I WAS HERE
FOR THIS ONE.
IT'S A REALLY NICE FEELING.
LET'S OPEN THIS.
MY STAY IN SWEDEN
WAS AMAZING.
I'M SO SO HAPPY.
YOU CAN--ARE YOU GONNA HAVE
A PARTY HERE?
- THE PARTY WILL BE HERE.
- OKAY.
SCORE, SCORE.
- SCORE.
- I'LL GIVE YOU A COUNT
IN A MINUTE.
[mumbling]
- ARE YOU COUNTING?
DON'T COUNT, DON'T COUNT.
I GOT YOU
EVERYTHING YOU WANTED.
THE INSURANCE,
THE SECURITY GUARDS.
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
- DO YOU THINK
WE HAVE PEOPLE HERE
THAT BUY $25 MILLION
APARTMENTS?
- YES.
AND...IF NOT DIRECTLY,
THEN INDIRECTLY.
THAT'S THE GOAL OF THIS PARTY.
IT'S HIGH PROFILE.
HIGH PROFILE.
IT'S FASHION WEEK.
EVERYONE WE INVITED
COULD BE A BUYER
OR THEY'RE CONNECTED
SOMEHOW WITHIN A WORLD
OF PEOPLE
WHO COULD BE A BUYER.
WHAT YOU DO IS
YOU TAKE THOSE PEOPLE,
YOU STICK 'EM IN A ROOM
WITH 400 BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE--
MODELS, ALCOHOL.
YOU LET THEM LOOK AT THE
APARTMENT A LITTLE BIT,
BUT GET SEDUCED BY
THAT BLONDE GIRL OVER THERE.
IT'S ALL IN THE PSYCHOLOGY.
- HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE A NET
WORTH OF ONE BILLION OVER THERE?
- A NET WORTH OF ONE BILLION
- YEAH.
- I MEAN, I DIDN'T CHECK
THEIR CHECKING ACCOUNTS.
- OKAY, YOU GO ENJOY YOURSELF.
- YOU ENJOY YOURSELF.
- MEET SOME RICH PEOPLE.
- I LOVE THE DOORS
AND THE DECOR.
- I JUST LOVE THE WHOLE
OUTDOOR AREA.
AND THE HIGH CEILINGS
THEY HAVE HERE.
- SEE ANYTHING YOU LIKE?
- ABSOLUTELY.
[giggling]
[glass breaking]
- HEY, MAN.
- NICE PLACE.
- THANK YOU FOR COMING.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- HEY, GOOD SHOW, DUDE.
[bleep] AWESOME SHOW.
IT WAS GOOD.
ARE YOU HAPPY?
- YES, YES.
- YOU LIKE THE SPACE?
YEAH.
ARE YOU SURE?
- YEAH.
- IT'S...PACKED.
THERE'S PEOPLE THERE
EVERYWHERE.
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY,
I KNOW THAT WE NEED AS MANY
PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE
TO SHOW UP THIS PROPERTY...
TO HELP SELL IT.
WE'RE SHOWCASING THIS ROOM
FOR THE PARTY
ONE, BECAUSE WE COULD FIT
SO MANY PEOPLE IN HERE,
AND TWO,
BECAUSE THIS ROOM EXISTS.
AND IF YOU'RE GONNA LIVE HERE,
THIS IS WHAT YOU COULD DO.
NOW I'M WORRIED 'CAUSE...
NOW IT'S LIKE THERE'S
OVER 200 PEOPLE HERE.
SO...
- THERE'S OVER 200 PEOPLE HERE?
- YEAH, I COUNTED.
- YOU COUNTED INDIVIDUALLY?
- YEAH.
I STOOD UP THERE AND I COUNTED.
- LOOK, I KNOW THIS PARTY
IS HIGH ON KEN'S NERVES,
BUT HE HAS TO TRUST ME
THAT IT'S IN HIS BEST INTEREST.
- I THINK IT'S AT A POINT NOW
WHERE IT'S TOO MANY PEOPLE
WHERE IT COULD GET OUT OF...
- OUT OF HAND.
- CONTROL.
SO I WANNA WRAP IT NOW.
- NEXT WEEK ON
THE SEASON CONCLUSION
OFMILLION DOLLAR LISTING
NEW YORK...
- THIS OPEN HOUSE IS CRUCIAL.
BUT I HAVE ALL THIS CRAP HERE
GEARED TOWARDS CHILDREN
AND NOT ONE HAS SHOWED UP YET.
- KEN IS UNHAPPY.
SO IF I CAN JUST
DISTRACT HIM ENOUGH,
THIS PARTY CAN
STILL BE A SUCCESS.
- WHAT IS THE PRICE
THAT YOU HAVE IN MIND?
- 3,650,000.
- I THINK THAT'S A VERY
CONSERVATIVE PRICE.
- CONSERVATIVE?
- LOOK ME IN THE EYE, MAN.
- YES, I'M LOOKING YOU
IN THE EYE.
I WANT YOU TO LEAVE
RIGHT NOW.
- FOR MOREMILLION DOLLAR
LISTING NEW YORK,
CHECK OUT BRAVOTV.COM.